README.md, before:

# JavaScript REST client and utils for Clever Cloud's API 

## What is this?

This project contains a REST client for Clever Cloud's API and some utils.

## How can I generate a REST client (ECMAScript modules) from the API?

To generate a REST client (ECMAScript modules) from the API, run this command:

```sh
npm run generate-client-from-openapi
```

This command will do the following steps:

1. Fetch the Clever Cloud Open API document (prod, see below for preprod)
1. Patch the document with `.cache/openapi-clever.patched.json` (this step should disappear one day)
1. Extract all routes from patched document
1. Merge similar routes (`/self` and `/organisatio/{id}`)
1. Generate  client code (ES6 modules, tree-shakabled, annotated with JSDoc...)
1. Clear destination path `esm/api`
1. Write code in appropriate files (grouped by service) 
1. Generate legacy client (which uses new generated client)
1. Write code for legacy client in `esm/api/legacy-client.js` 

NOTE: The first step caches the Open API document locally for next calls, be sure to run this command to clear the content of `.cache` if you want a clean build:

```sh
npm run clean-cache
```

If you want to generate a client for the preprod, you can change the config of `OPEN_API_URL` in `tasks/config.js`.

## How can I generate a REST client for node (CommonJS modules) from the API?

To generate a REST client for node (CommonJS modules) from the API, run this command:

```sh
npm run generate-cjs-modules
```

NOTE: This is based on the ECMAScript modules in `esm`. Be sure to generate the ESM client before running this.

Commit message:

Introduce new `generate-client` task

README.md, after:

# JavaScript REST client and utils for Clever Cloud's API 

## What is this?

This project contains a REST client for Clever Cloud's API and some utils.

## How can I generate a REST client from the API?

To generate a REST client from the API, run this command:

```sh
npm run generate-client
```

This command will:

1. Clean the cache and make sure that the generated code comes from the latest Open API document
1. Generate the ESM version of the client
1. Generate the CJS version of the client for node (based on ESM code)

## How can I generate a REST client (ECMAScript modules) from the API?

To generate a REST client (ECMAScript modules) from the API, run this command:

```sh
npm run generate-client-from-openapi
```

This command will do the following steps:

1. Fetch the Clever Cloud Open API document (prod, see below for preprod)
1. Patch the document with `.cache/openapi-clever.patched.json` (this step should disappear one day)
1. Extract all routes from patched document
1. Merge similar routes (`/self` and `/organisatio/{id}`)
1. Generate  client code (ES6 modules, tree-shakabled, annotated with JSDoc...)
1. Clear destination path `esm/api`
1. Write code in appropriate files (grouped by service) 
1. Generate legacy client (which uses new generated client)
1. Write code for legacy client in `esm/api/legacy-client.js` 

NOTE: The first step caches the Open API document locally for next calls, be sure to run this command to clear the content of `.cache` if you want a clean build:

```sh
npm run clean-cache
```

If you want to generate a client for the preprod, you can change the config of `OPEN_API_URL` in `tasks/config.js`.

## How can I generate a REST client for node (CommonJS modules) from the API?

To generate a REST client for node (CommonJS modules) from the API, run this command:

```sh
npm run generate-cjs-modules
```

NOTE: This is based on the ECMAScript modules in `esm`. Be sure to generate the ESM client before running this.
